let's speak now to our correspondent in
Gaza safat alut and safat we'll get to
Raff acrossing Aid in just a moment
first of all let's talk about the
situation in Gaza because the skies look
relatively calm at the moment 800 a.m.
there in Gaza City in the strip but
there have been more Air Raids
overnight yes the Israeli air strike in
intensified in different areas all over
the Gaza STP uh specifically in ra the
in the south of the Gaza STP where they
ask people to move inun five families
the buildings of five families have been
totally uh struck and brought down in
jabalia refugee camp which is the the
most gly populated in the Gaza Strip has
uh also been struck in in in the East
specifically in east of jabalia refugee
camp now we uh we are following the news
from the Central area in Al Zahra
neighborhood they have just uh destroyed
four residential buildings uh what they
call them residential Towers uh hundreds
of families have evacuated these four
buildings and now staying in the street
uh looking for shelters the minist of
Health say that the overnight in the
overnight isra raid 33 people at least
in ra killed uh in these recent attacks
we could we we could still hear the
explosions in different areas where I'm
staying in the in the central area of
the Gaza STP also we could hear the
explosions of the artillery from the
Eastern side of D bah which is the
border line saf let's look at this deal
that the US has made with Egypt to open
the Rafa Crossing to let in 20 trucks of
humanitarian Aid it doesn't sound like
very many do we know when it will get in
and and how far this Aid will
go look from what we see in Gaza Gaza
run out of everything literally
everything not only water and food and
fuel everything including the the the
personal needs uh for everyone clothes
and other many other things it will it's
long list of of things that we can talk
about but uh at least they believe here
if if there's an Israeli approval for
the Egyptians to open or to let the uh
the humanitarian EG in which means that
there will be even more so Gaza is in
need for anything to come or to bring
from outside the Gaza Strip since as we
said the Israelis have been shutting
down all the Gaza Crossings including
the one that Egypt controlled so once
the the Egypt or Israel allows the
Egyptians to bring in the food or to
deliver the food and other humanitarian
Aid
it means that there will be more so the
Ministry of Health is is the most urgent
uh side that needs such uh such Aid
since the hospital run ran out of
everything almost okay saat alut
bringing us the latest there from inside
Gaza thanks very much safwat